Create a default SUPPORT page for Jenkins (#14)
jenkinsci/.github: SUPPORT.md

Getting support for Jenkins
===========================

Jenkins is a community-driven project, and it does not provide user support in the common meaning.
Nevertheless, there is an active community which might be able to help with the issues you experience.
The [Jenkins JIRA](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa) is **NOT** a support site. 
If you need assistance or have general questions, visit us in [chat](https://jenkins.io/chat/), or email one of the user [mailing lists](https://jenkins.io/mailing-lists/).
Also check out the main component's page for specific communication channel references.

> Please be aware that most of the Jenkins components are maintained by volunteers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that most Jenkins components are maintained by volunteers. 
```

> This means, there is no guarantee of a timely response or issue resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means there is no guarantee of a timely response or issue resolution.
```

> This means, there is no guarantee of the timely response and/or issue resolution.

Reviewer 2: I think that "timely response" is most often used in the same context as "[timely manner](https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-meaning-of-the-phrase-in-a-timely-manner-What-are-some-examples-of-it-being-used)".
```suggestion
This means, there is no guarantee of a timely response or issue resolution.
```

> If you want to get a commercial support for Jenkins with SLA,

Reviewer 2: I don't see enough benefit from mentioning the acronym for service level agreement.
```suggestion
If you want commercial support for Jenkins,
```

there are companies which offer it.

> See [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support).

Author: ```suggestion
See the list on [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support).
Note that this list should not be viewed as endorsement by the Jenkins project, the list is provided for reference.
```

Maybe it makes sense to add a proposal from @rbywater here as well

> See [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support).

Reviewer: Use a redirect, like `https://jenkins.io/redirect/support`.

Author: I plan to have a jenkins.io page for Support. Once it is ready, I will just change this file. It is not going to users inside HPIs, so no need in redirect IMHO

> Check out [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support) for the list.

Reviewer 3: maybe:
```suggestion
See [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support).
```
or
```suggestion
Check out [this Wiki page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Commercial+Support).
```

the for the list bit just doesn't feel right to me.
